[KubeRay][Doc] KubeRay doc migration (5/n) (#39450)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/kubernetes.md

> Check out [the end-to-end fault tolerance guide](serve-e2e-ft) to learn more about Serve's failure conditions and how to guard against them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Add End-to-End Fault Tolerance](serve-e2e-ft) to learn more about Serve's failure conditions and how to guard against them.
```
